so hello to everyone today decided to shoot
your tablet firm so garden expert navi
7 3g
there is a diagonal of 7 inches 1024
on 600 points android 4 2 2 2 cores 1
this gigahertz here is such a box
picking go headphones take care
pulled out instruction manual
then comes yusbi
themselves success and adapter on the outlet to
charge it
let's come here then he cable
It means the tablet itself is a rear camera 2
megapixel front 03
sapar and so let's go see
I'm sorry I'm shooting for the first time
menu won't work fine without
the brakes most internet too good
working already go anywhere and how
Any two sims built in like here
standing alone
we can choose any ask for something
weather
Nagorsk
Everything works perfectly well.
here
I myself have a tablet since June
years liked the navigator works
so mean checked in St. Petersburg and so
I can still say about the driver
good as they say 1 on 1 video while
I can say stop put huskies signed
on my channel to all bye